# Specification	

The program runs in the **MainApp** class collaborating with the **AppState** class that keeps track of how the program is running as well as the **View** class which deals with the UI and defaults to the homescreen, where the user logs into a text based environment.

They are prompted to either (1) create their account in which case the **Authenticator** and the **UserManager** method _addUser()_ adds their details to the database (a .json file for now) and creates a **User** entity. Otherwise they can (2) login if they are a pre existing user. Their information is processed by the **Authenticator** class which searches their username and password details from the pre existing .json file using methods _checkUserExists()_ and _loginUser()_. Once the **User** is authenticated, the rest of their information, including the **Playlist** entities and the **Song** entities within the playlists are instantiated from the .json file. (We are not implementing the Authenticator in phase 0, we are assuming each username and password is valid.)

Once logged in the user is taken to a separate menu screen where they are able to choose between creating a playlist or managing their old playlist or updating their account details. If they choose to create a playlist they are then prompted to enter a string of words handled by the **ProcessUserInput** controller class method _splitUserInput()_ which forms an array of song titles. (For phase 0 we are simply splicing the string word for word and using a file of song information for testing purposes. In the final version the splicing is more complex.) The formatted song information is then sent to the **PlaylistGenerator** and then to **SongGenerator** classes which accesses information from a .json file to instantiates the **Song** entities using the method _generateSong()_, and each **Song** is added to the newly instantiated **Playlist** entity. The **PlaylistManager** allows you to add and delete song entities from the list through the methods _addSong()_ and _deleteSong()_ by typing in the song name. Finally the user can also logout from the homescreen with the _logoutUser()_ method.
